these two white people wanted a drink so
they crashed into a wedding party oh my
god it was a wedding party for people of
color only but they stayed calm and sat
at the banquet table the people sitting
at the table were confused i am the
bride's cousin for the bride cheers they
even stole the key card and sneaked into
the young couple's wedding room the
couple entered the room when suddenly
they found two people making love what
are you doing
[Applause]
this man is adri he is a successful
journalist his colleague worked hard to
write a rather long article he just
changed the author's name to his name
the article became his the boss also
likes him after that night he couldn't
forget that rebellious girl but he only
knew her name was carla it was the first
time the two of them had met she only
left him a jacket adrie found an address
note in her pocket he looked up the
address and found it to be a psychiatric
hospital but when he got there he was
kicked out immediately he really wanted
to meet carla he reached out to a doctor
to help him confirm his mental illness
so he could stay in the hospital with
her he met carla but she was not happy
to see him adrie suddenly felt that he
was an idiot he finds the doctor and
says he wants to leave i am not mentally
ill it's all made up we have heard these
words
he did not give up
ask to call the newsroom to prove it
unfortunately the person who got the
phone was the colleague from who he
stole the article to take revenge on him
she lied that the company didn't have
anyone by that name so avery continued
to be kept in this psychiatric hospital
and what's even worse is that tomorrow
is his deadline to keep his job adri
wrote about the patients in this
psychiatric hospital they are trash
people he said however in this hospital
he was the only one who was different
adrie had to continue faking his illness
to have a chance to get out he talked to
other patients to get their sympathy
adri promises to help martha a patient
with tourette's syndrome pursue the
person she loves adrie helped her to
write a love letter and practiced with
her finally the day arrived but martha
could not control her convulsions and
bad speech she was extremely embarrassed
and left but carla told her to ignore
all the rhetoric in the letter and just
to express her sincere words victor i
like you i like you too victor then
agreed to date martha after that carla
and adrie's relationship also got better
one day adrie found out that his
roommate had disappeared maybe because
of his daughter saul jumped down from
the third floor in the past he kept
hiding his daughter from being a mental
patient because the ex-wife's family
thinks that he will adversely affect her
every time he met his daughter saul
pretended to be a doctor my ex-wife
forbids me from seeing my daughter i
should have gone to her house to take my
daughter away i have to kill them after
recalling saul's words adrie was
flustered you never know what a madman
would do adrie immediately finds
it's only the drawing that her daughter
gave saul adri stealthily placed it
there after a crazy night saul fell
asleep and he looked like a child
finally they are assured on her way back
to the hospital carla realized that
adrie has made the patience in the
psychiatric hospital to be more active
when they returned adri suddenly stopped
he stood in front of the hospital gate
and looked at the open hospital door he
would be free if he just walks through
it but adrie did not run away he
returned to the mental hospital next to
the crazy girl now adrie believes that
he can make carla better so she can
become a normal person as the days
passed adrie was familiar with all the
things there there were even times when
adrie forgot that carla was a
psychiatrist that day carla was
extremely excited adrie felt something
was wrong but he didn't mind in the
evening adrie found carla standing on
the terrace she was unusually excited
then hurry up i discovered that here i
can see the ocean across the mountain
did you take medicine i did not i've
never felt better now carla was standing
in a very dangerous position adrie was
terrified he wanted to bring carla back
but carla's face suddenly changed i just
want to share with you what i'm seeing
when carla was deep in her mood adrie
immediately pulled her back then he told
the doctor that carla had stopped taking
the pills for a few days the next day
when carla found herself getting an
infusion she couldn't stand it adri
never understood carla when she was sick
who do you think you are you have no
right to mess with my life like that
carla didn't want to see adrie at this
point his previous article was posted
online people are extremely disappointed
with him we are the trash of society
right no shut up after the doctor
learned that adrie was an ordinary
person she told him the most difficult
thing for a mentally ill patient is that
everyone wishes them to behave like a
normal person before leaving adrie saw
saul's family in the end saul made it
clear about his illnesses to his
daughter he won't have to pretend to be
a doctor anymore his ex-wife did not
stop the father and daughter from
meeting each other adri said goodbye to
his roommate and left the hospital he
later realized that karla didn't need
his help he wrote down their stories the
story became famous online carla read
the article she went to find adrie and
asked him to date her like when they
first met and rebelled together however
after the rebellion carla returned alone
to the mental hospital perhaps for a
patient with a mental illness this was
just another outbreak after that only
the endless loneliness remained with her